chore: Generate global constant and sec scan config for docker images (#1671)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/releasing.md

   Create a PR to `telemetry-manager/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` with the following changes:
   - `.env`:  
     For the `ENV_IMG` variable, update the tag of the `telemetry-manager` image with the new module version following the `x.y.z` pattern. For example, `ENV_IMG=europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/telemetry-manager:1.0.0`.
     For the `DEFAULT_OTEL_COLLECTOR_IMAGE` variable, update the tag of the `kyma-otel-collector` image with the new version released from the [opentelemetry-collector-components](https://github.com/kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components) repository. For example, `europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/kyma-otel-collector:0.100.0-1.0.0.
   - `config/manager/kustomization.yaml`:  
     Update the `newTag` field for the `telemetry-manager` image with the new module version following the `x.y.z` pattern, such as `1.0.0`.
   - `main.go`:
      - Update the `version` variable with the new module version following the `x.y.z` pattern.
   - `make generate-env`:

>      Run the `make generate-env` command to update the `sec-scanners-config.yaml`, and source code file with the new image versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     To update the `sec-scanners-config.yaml` and the source code file with the new image version, run `make generate-env. 
```
